Add Visible -> Visibility to migration guide (#254)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/learn/book/migration-guides/0.5-0.6/_index.md

### StandardMaterial's "roughness" is renamed to "perceptual_roughness"
The {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy_pbr" mod="" version="0.6.0" name="StandardMaterial" no_mod=true)}} field `roughness` was renamed to `perceptual_roughness`.

### Visible is now Visibility 

> The {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy" mod="render::draw" version="0.5.0" name="Visible" no_mod=true)}} struct, which is used in a number of components to set visibility, was renamed to {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy" mod="render::view" version="0.6.0" name="Visibility" no_mod=true)}}. Additionally, the field `is_transparent` was removed from the struct. For 3D, transparency can be set using the `alpha_mode` field on a material. In 2D, everything is transparent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy" mod="render::draw" version="0.5.0" name="Visible" no_mod=true)}} struct, which is used in a number of components to set visibility, was renamed to {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy" mod="render::view" version="0.6.0" name="Visibility" no_mod=true)}}. Additionally, the field `is_transparent` was removed from the struct. For 3D, transparency can be set using the `alpha_mode` field on a material. Transparency is automatically enabled for all objects in 2D. 
```

The {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy_pbr" mod="" version="0.6.0" name="StandardMaterial" no_mod=true)}} field `roughness` was renamed to `perceptual_roughness`.

### Visible is now Visibility 
The {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy" mod="render::draw" version="0.5.0" name="Visible" no_mod=true)}} struct, which is used in a number of components to set visibility, was renamed to {{rust_type(type="struct" crate="bevy" mod="render::view" version="0.6.0" name="Visibility" no_mod=true)}}. Additionally, the field `is_transparent` was removed from the struct. For 3D, transparency can be set using the `alpha_mode` field on a material. In 2D, everything is transparent. 

```rust
// 0.5
let material_handle = materials.add(StandardMaterial {

>                           base_color_texture: Some(texture.clone()),

Reviewer 2: What's going on with the indentation here?

Reviewer 3: Looks good, except for the indentation like @rparrett already mentioned.
I would change the indentation to the following:

```rust
    let material_handle = materials.add(StandardMaterial {
        base_color_texture: Some(texture.clone()),
        ..Default::default()
    });
```

```rust
    let material_handle = materials.add(StandardMaterial {
        base_color_texture: Some(texture.clone()),
        alpha_mode: AlphaMode::Blend,
        ..Default::default()
    });
```
